docs(contributing): introduce contributing doc (#8)
fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-fastly-proxy-integration-example: README.md

<p align="center">
<a href="https://fingerprint.com">
<picture>
<source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://fingerprintjs.github.io/home/resources/logo_light.svg" />
<source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://fingerprintjs.github.io/home/resources/logo_dark.svg" />
<img src="https://fingerprintjs.github.io/home/resources/logo_dark.svg" alt="Fingerprint logo" width="312px" />
</picture>
</a>
</p>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-fastly-compute-proxy-integration"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-fastly-compute-proxy-integration" alt="Current version"></a>
<a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg" alt="MIT license"></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/39EpE2neBg"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/852099967190433792?style=logo&label=Discord&logo=Discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord server"></a>
</p>

# Fingerprint Pro Fastly Compute@Edge Proxy Integration

> [Fingerprint](https://fingerprint.com) is a device intelligence platform offering 99.5% accurate visitor identification.

Reviewer: We are moving away from the specific accuracy claim

```suggestion
[Fingerprint](https://fingerprint.com) is a device intelligence platform offering highly accurate visitor identification.
```

> This custom Fastly Proxy Integration example is responsible for proxying identification and agent-download requests between your application and Fingerprint through your Fastly infrastructure. This integration uses [Fastly Compute services](https://www.fastly.com/products/compute).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fastly Compute Proxy Integration is responsible for proxying identification and agent-download requests between your application and Fingerprint through your Fastly infrastructure. This integration uses [Fastly Compute services](https://www.fastly.com/products/compute).
```

## 🚧 Requirements and expectations

> * **Integration in Beta**: Please report any issues to our support team.

Reviewer: Maybe it's not beta anymore?

Author: Removed 👍

> * **Limited to specific Enterprise customers**: At this point, this proxy integration is accessible and exclusively supported for specific customers on the  **Enterprise** Plan. Other customers are encouraged to use [Custom subdomain setup](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/custom-subdomain-setup) or [Cloudflare Proxy Integration](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration).

Reviewer: I suppose its all Enterprise customers after the release, correct?
```suggestion
* **Limited to Enterprise customers**: At this point, this proxy integration is accessible and exclusively supported for customers on the  **Enterprise** Plan. Other customers are encouraged to use [Custom subdomain setup](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/custom-subdomain-setup) or [Cloudflare Proxy Integration](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration).
```

* **Manual updates occasionally required**: The underlying data contract in the identification logic can change to keep up with browser updates. Using the Fastly Compute@Edge Proxy Integration might require occasional manual updates on your side. Ignoring these updates will lead to lower accuracy or service disruption.

# Getting started

This is a quick overview of the installation setup. For detailed step-by-step instructions, see the [Fastly Compute@Edge proxy integration guide in our documentation](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/fastly-compute-edge-proxy-integration).

> 1. Go to Fingerprint Dashboard > API Keys and click Create Proxy Key to create a proxy secret. You will use it later to authenticate your requests to Fingerprint APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Fingerprint Dashboard > [**API Keys**](https://dashboard.fingerprint.com/api-keys) and click **Create Proxy Key** to create a proxy secret. You will use it later to authenticate your requests to Fingerprint APIs.
```

> 2. Create a Config Store in your Fastly Compute Service named Fingerprint and add the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Create a Config store](https://docs.fastly.com/en/guides/working-with-config-stores#creating-a-config-store) in your Fastly account named `Fingerprint` and add the following values:
```

   | Key                          | Example Value        | Description                                                                                 |
   |------------------------------|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
   | PROXY_SECRET                 | 6XI9CLf3C9oHSB12TTaI | Fingerprint proxy secret generated in Step 1                                                |

>    | OPEN_CLIENT_RESPONSE_ENABLED | false                | open client response is enabled in your subscription, true for enabled, false for otherwise |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | OPEN_CLIENT_RESPONSE_ENABLED | false                | Set to `true` if you have [Open client response](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/open-client-response) enabled for your Fingerprint application. Defaults to `false`. |
```

>    | AGENT_SCRIPT_DOWNLOAD_PATH   | z5kms2               | Random path segment for downloading the JS agent                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | AGENT_SCRIPT_DOWNLOAD_PATH   | z5kms2               | Random path segment for downloading the JavaScript agent                                            |
```

>    | GET_RESULT_PATH              | nocmjw               | Random path segment Fingerprint identification requests                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | GET_RESULT_PATH              | nocmjw               | Random path segment for Fingerprint identification requests                                     |
```

3. Go to [Releases](https://github.com/fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-fastly-compute-proxy-integration/releases) to download the latest `fingerprint-proxy-integration.tar.gz` package file.
4. Upload package to your Fastly Compute Service's **Package**.

> 5. Configure the Fingerprint [JS Agent](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/js-agent) on your website using the paths defined in Step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Configure the Fingerprint [JavaScript Agent](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/install-the-javascript-agent#configuring-the-agent) on your website using the paths defined in Step 2.
```

    ```javascript
   import * as FingerprintJS from '@fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro'

   const fpPromise = FingerprintJS.load({
     apiKey: 'PUBLIC_API_KEY',
     scriptUrlPattern: [

>        'https://yourwebsite.com/INTEGRATION-PATH/AGENT_SCRIPT_DOWNLOAD_PATH?apiKey=<apiKey>&version=<version>&loaderVersion=<loaderVersion>',

Reviewer: This is the first mention of `INTEGRATION-PATH` path on this page, are you sure it's supposed to be here?

Author: Removed the mention of integration path and added subdomain

Author: If everything is okay, can you resolve this comment and others if any other unresolved comments are left?
